Document notification action authentication (#1331)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/notifications/actionable.md

| `title` | **Required**. The title of the button shown in the notification | |
| `uri` | **Optional**. The URL to open when tapped | ![Android](/assets/android.svg) Android requires setting the `action` to `URI` to use this key. See [notes below](#uri-values). |
| `behavior` | **Optional**. Set to `textInput` to prompt for text to return with the event. This also occurs when setting the action to `REPLY`. | Using this key allows you to use the `action` key to differentiate actions. |

> | `authenticationRequired` | **Optional**. If `true`, the device needs to be unlocked before the action is triggered. | <span class='beta'>BETA</span> on Android. Requires at least Android 12.  |

Reviewer: - "is triggered" is less clear than the original in my opinion
 - Mentioning Android so specifically could raise questions about iOS, so I suggest a note that it's supported on all iOS versions.

```suggestion
| `authenticationRequired` | **Optional**. If `true`, the device needs to be unlocked to use the action. | Supported on all iOS versions. <span class='beta'>BETA</span> on Android, requires Android 12+.  |
```
